The Story:

The game starts out with the main character. He is living a good life
with a wife and two kids at the age of 28.
Everything was going well until he had received a letter from his mother.

The letter had read:
"Hey Xunerophore{character name}, your father is at the end of his ropes. I
know you loved him a lot but he won't be able to make it. He was apparently
attacked during his final fishing expedition. He told me he wants to see you
before he passes away, so please if you can make it, come to {location}
before he is gone"

-Love Mom

Xunerophore{character name} shocked, immediately packed his things and left for
{location}, he left a note telling his family of why he was gone.

18 hours later, Xunerophore{character name}arrived at {location} and got a ride
straight to the hospital.
Once he arrived he found his mom sitting next to his dad. His mom came up
and hugged Xunerophore{character} and expressed how much he appreciated him
coming. Xunerophores{character name} mom explained to him that his
dad woke up that morning ecstatic, that he thought was finally
ready to capture the final fish he needed.
Xunerophores
{character name}'s mom then said that his
dad hadn't came back for a long time and when she went to the area where
he was fishing, dad was laying on the beach and was bleeding and close to
dying. Xunerophores mom left the room crying, he then decided to talk to his
father.

His father explained to him about the most dangerous but the most rarest Fish
in the world. It was called the "Ethereal Ultimatums". This was the final fish
he needed for his collection and he lost to it. Xunerophore decided that he
would finish his dads collection and get that fish. A warning was given to
Xunerophore, that this was going to be a grueling and dangerous journey, and
to make sure to train before going to capture the Ethereal Ultimatum.


The Game:

You start off with a basic fishing rod and a stick as a weapon, you also have
100hp and (worms if bait is added)(Could also add a wallet feature, each time
you buy a new rod your wallet increases so you can buy better things).

There are different lakes you can travel to and each lake has more dangerous
but more rewarding fish.

Each time you fish up a fish, you will enter battle with it. Better items will
do more damage to the fish killing them quicker. Fights are a turn based
system, you attack and then the fish attacks. You can also try to flee but wont
guarantee you will leave. If you die, you will restart all way in the
beginning.(Possibility of adding items to catch fish easier or take less
damage, etc.)(Make an option to be able to skip dialogue)

The goal is to capture the Ethereal Ultimatum which is the only fish that
resides in the Ethereal lake. To capture it you will need the best weapon, and
the best fishing rod, (Possible Bait too, Ethereal Bait).

There is a shop where you can buy health items, better fishing rods, and
better weapons, (possibly bait too if I decide to do that). At this shop
you can also sell your Captured fish. The harder the fish would be to capture,
the more money it is worth.

*Lake names can change

The Hooligan Lake:
Easiest fish to capture
lowest amount of selling money

Where are we now Lake:
-Normal difficulty, most likely need a new weapon to capture fish and they do
more damage
-Better rate for fish

...More lakes will be added with growth in statistics

Ethereal Lake (The End):
Hardest fish to capture in the Game, you will need the best weapon and fishing
rod to capture it.
(I could also make it where if you don't have the best rod, you could fight a
ghost of something, like the fish, and you would lose to it 100% of the time
and there would be no way to run, so you lose and you reset all your progress
for even trying to do something like that. OR you could use any rod and try to
fight the ethereal fish and you would do a max of 1 damage each time you attack
and make it so you can't flee.)
Once captured the game will end.
